state/kvindexer: associate event attributes with events (#9759)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/app-dev/indexing-transactions.md

```bash
curl "localhost:26657/tx_search?query=\"message.sender='cosmos1...'\"&prove=true"
```

> If the conditionsare related to transaction events and the user wants to make sure the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the conditions are related to transaction events and the user wants to make sure the
```

curl "localhost:26657/block_search?query=\"block.height > 10 AND val_set.num_changed > 0\""
```

> ## `match.events` keyword 

Reviewer 2: Given that this is automatically added by way of the RPC flag, and we'll be changing the default behaviour to effectively have `match.events = 1` from Tendermint v0.37 onwards, should we be advertising this keyword in the docs?

It does, however, make sense to me to document the `match_events` RPC parameter though - please add this to the [OpenAPI spec](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/blob/v0.34.x/rpc/openapi/openapi.yaml)?

Author: I agree, I'll edit all the docs to not mention the match.events=1 keyword, rather just match the RPC.
